2024 mini workshops blog post (#491)
openforcefield/openforcefield.org: README.md

## Preview the website locally

> 0. [Download and install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/). Note that the website will finally be built with Hugo v0.108.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
0. [Download and install Hugo](https://gohugo.io/getting-started/installing/). Note that the published version of the website will be built with Hugo v0.108.0 (this isn't the latest version).
```
